very good I am the address we are going to
tell you a little about the new
tracing of lebrija that we inaugurate today
in the procyclical of Andalusia and on
an edition
after the races that we give this year
that was championship of spain and
championship andalusia and talk to jose
mari and we decided to do a remodeling
entire circuit from the ground the
completely drawn we started with a
project in which we believe that the
circuit had to be a little bit more
big we have climbed the 270 meters
that we had rope 365 more or less and
of course then the theme of the earth
also uses a mixture
approximately 40 percent clay
with 60 from topsoil has
compacted pretty well and we're
watching the opening day of
circuit the first characteristics
that you have is a straight end in
Carpeted do Vale that delays quite the
braking point
we continue with an individual jump a
double what if we had them in the jump
old that link to the curve
sliding and we start with the novelties
we started with a big leap that
we fall to a plateau and jump
over a second double jump to a
girl who is a girl of three
vertices that is contracted in its three
vertices
a quick descent makes a Chinese 180
degrees against peralta 2 is an idea that
it occurred to us to delay a bit that
part of the circuit and that was not
excessively fast
that we pass to an area that is a sign and
straight because it has a little bit towards the
right hand we make a plateau and
a kind double jump to rotate in the
high curve is a curve that the
we had to do for the design of the
circuit we make sure we have a good
visibility because if it's not enough
complicated down curve 180
degrees we take a double pretty
complicated because of the curve
and we have a semi straight it also has
a little bend left hand to
get to the most reality zone of
circuit is the circuit has two parts
quite differentiated the right part
it's a faster area the part
left where we entered now is a
a lot more twisty
You see that in this part there is a
series of 180 degree linked curves
and the part that we want more complicated
this area may be what we call the
jump from the hole is a jump what
we copied or we saw it in padua is a jump
where and low to soon 55
centimeters above the zero level or line
ground
we go up 50 centimeters and then we have
a second crest that is like a
metro on the line d
of ground is not especially complicated
get to the other side yes yes that is
complicated to look for good traction in
the descent we hook again with a
another new girl another curve against
banked and one last 180 before finish
that has a double and a plateau is worth and
the last 180 of straight the truth that is
a circuit for what we have been told
pilots has been pretty good to
we like people are
happy and we hope so in the future
to be able to accept any international test
and bring back a national and that the
people enjoy giving thanks to model and
is to produce for the support that they have given us
given for this test and of course to
all the pilots who have come from
several parts of Spain that have come to
enjoy with us this opening
a cool night in Seville that does not
We expected but but happy
count on everyone and both
miguel zambrana as there is strength for
his presence and by talking about this answer
reports that help us all to
spread this beautiful hobby without more
dismiss many thanks here
we wait for the breeze thank you